= VCLog

== 2011-12-12 7rans

* Fix git tag id. [bug]

== 2011-12-11 7rans

* Fix change point option. [bug]
* Rules must now effect commit directly. [major]

== 2011-12-10 7rans

* Fix defualt heuristics so full message is returned. [bug]

== 2011-12-09 7rans

* Add support for change points. [major]
* Change rules to take commits instead of messages. [major]

== 2011-12-08 7rans

* Fix git adapter markers. [bug]
* Add file list to Changes class. [minor]

== 2011-11-06 7rans

* Use confection library for vclog config. [major]

== 2010-11-20 7rans

* polish html templates [minor]

== 2010-11-19 7rans

* use #cli instead of #main method [minor]
* add #rev alias to Change class; other adjustments [minor]
* add manpages [minor]

== 2010-11-04 7rans

* prevent warnings about method redefinition [minor]

== 2010-06-24 7rans

* change interface of heuristics to accept message and matchdata [major]

== 2010-06-23 7rans

* fix format for syckle plugin [minor]
* use .rss and .atom extensions [minor]
* updates to website [minor]

== 2010-06-21 7rans

* fix help command add help banners [minor]
* plugin should use project.root not root, and Syckfile entry needs files not loadpath [minor]
* add level to syckle plugin [minor]
* update features to use subcommand [minor]

== 2010-05-28 7rans

* adjust commandline help [minor]
* re-orient design about vcs classes (partially complete) [major]
* fixed delta groupings and other improvements [bug]

== 2010-05-27 7rans

* add Mercurial support; also renamed VCS to Adapters [major]

== 2010-05-26 7rans

* need to use -e or --extra option to see Changes list in release history [minor]
* use gits --pretty option to simplify parsing [minor]
* Sort release tags in correct order [bug]
* change 'git-log' to 'git log' [bug]
* change 'git-log' to 'git log' [bug]

== 2010-02-08 7rans

* fix version bumping and display [bug]
* move lib/plugin to lib/plugins per new standard or PLugin gem [minor]

== 2010-01-16 7rans

* use erb as template system for all formats [major]
* syckle plugin now works with latest vclog changes [bug]
* use rdoc to generate history html (for now) [minor]

== 2010-01-02 7rans

* support 'type:' fromat commit types [major]

== 2009-10-26 7rans

* renamed verbose to extra [minor]
* fixed spelling of revision (from revison) [bug]

