= VCLog

== HEAD / 2010-11-20

Current Development (7rans)

Changes:

* 14 General Enhancements

    * better history file glob
    * fix syckle plugin
    * use message file for all adapters
    * add dryrun and debugging output to tag method
    * autotag needs a list of all changes
    * escape tag messages by using #inspect
    * support tag prefix option
    * fix tag method in subversion adapter
    * auto tagging needs to adjust date too
    * rename  command to
    * fix options as Hash instead of OpenStruct
    * update cli commands to use repo
    * add #tag method to adapters
    * use a Repo class as a central controller


== 1.7.0 / 2010-06-27

In this release the heuristics interface has changed such that the block is passed the commit message and the matchdata, instead of  the previous matchdata splat. The rule can alos return either the sybolic label or a two element array of label and new message, which allows the rule to "massage" the message as needed. This release also improves the git log parser to be much more robust. (7rans <transfire@gmail.com>)

Changes:

* 1 Major Enhancements

    * change interface of heuristics to accept message and matchdata

* 3 General Enhancements

    * replace --detail option with opposite --summary option
    * rule block can take none, matadata, or message and matachdata
    * git adapter parses changes more robustly


== 1.6.1 / 2010-06-23

This release repairs the Atom feed format and adds an RSS feed format. Both formats are nearly conformant with strict validations --only a couple minor issues remain to iron out (such as embedded feed url). Ragardless, they should work fine with feed readers (which are not as strict). (7rans <transfire@gmail.com>)

Changes:

* 3 General Enhancements

    * add title to html changelog
    * fix git email value and imporve feed formats
    * work on atom and rss output formats


== 1.6.0 / 2010-06-21

 (7rans <transfire@gmail.com>)

Changes:

* 7 General Enhancements

    * handle unset labels gracefully and improve default heuristics
    * add version command and continue to improve cli help
    * cli uses closest matching subcommand
    * add ansi format and fix tag date groupings
    * filter history by level
    * cli has subcommands and templates can be .rb or .erb
    * Heuristics system for categorizing commits


== 1.5.0 / 2010-05-28

This release adds support for Mercurial repositories and Atom newsfeed output format. The commandline inteface has change such that --format/-f is used to select the format instead of using the previous per-format options, e.g. use -f xml instead of --xml. This release also includes some subtantial changes under-the-hood --the first of a two part code refactoring process. (7rans <transfire@gmail.com>)

Changes:

* 2 Major Enhancements

    * re-orient design about vcs classes (partially complete)
    * add Mercurial support; also renamed VCS to Adapters

* 4 General Enhancements

    * Merge branch 'master' of git@github.com:proutils/vclog
    * update syckle plugin to match refactoring
    * add atom support for release history
    * info methods need to be public

* 1 Bug Fixes

    * fixed delta groupings and other improvements


== 1.4.0 / 2010-05-26

This release includes some basic improvments and a few bug fixes. The primary change you might encounter is the need to use -e or --extra in order to see the detailed Changes list in the Release History. Also changed 'git-log' to 'git log', as it seems the latest versions of git does not support the many executables any longer. SVN support requires xmlsimple library. Note also that SVN support is lack luster at this time becuase it hits the server every time an 'svn log' command is issued which is done once for each tag when a history is generated (any one know a better way?). (7rans <transfire@gmail.com>)

Changes:

* 4 Bug Fixes

    * Sort release tags in correct order
    * change 'git-log' to 'git log'
    * change 'git-log' to 'git log'
    * fix version bumping and display

* 2 General Enhancements

    * add a canonical lib
    * use xmlsimple for SVN support

* 1 Test Enhancements

    * add first cucumber feature


== 1.3.0 / 2010-02-08

For the an end-user the only significant change is the support of label: notation for commit labels. I have found that I am much more apt to use them if they come first in the commit message and that some developers already use the label: notation to specify system module effected --a useful system of labeling. (7rans <transfire@gmail.com>)

Changes:

* 2 Major Enhancements

    * use erb as template system for all formats
    * support 'type:' fromat commit types

* 2 General Enhancements

    * use meta/name and meta/suite
    * readded markup output for changelog

* 1 Bug Fixes

    * syckle plugin now works with latest vclog changes


== 1.2.0 / 2009-10-26

Version 1.2 overhuals the internals so that History output is based on scm tags, not on a pre-existing history file. This is really the proper way to go about it and those who use it will, I think, be happily surprised at how it promotes good practices for the maintenance of History files. This overhaul led to substantial changes in the command-line interface. (7rans <transfire@gmail.com>)

Changes:

* 1 Bug Fixes

    * fixed spelling of revision (from revison)

* 5 General Enhancements

    * renamed command.rb to cli.rb
    * more refactoring and fixed SVN support
    * rewrote release history generator
    * added ad to website. I want my ! ;)
    * added some todo items


== 1.1.0 / 2009-10-23

This release adds yaml and json formats and improves the cli. (7rans <transfire@gmail.com>)

Changes:

* 9 General Enhancements

    * removed rdoc.task (automatic mode gets it)
    * adjust syckle config
    * upped version to 1.1
    * moved bin to command.rb
    * add website examples
    * moved bin to command.rb
    * update pom metadata
    * changed licenses to MIT
    * fixed typo in LICENSE


== 1.0.0 / 2009-10-12

This is the first production release of VCLog. (7rans <transfire@gmail.com>)

Changes:

* 5 General Enhancements

    * contact suffices
    * fixed syckle config
    * update tasks and metadata
    * reap became syckle
    * first commit

